# Student Management System Challenge

## About Project
School Management System Challenge was developed using Angular, Bootstrap CSS, Asp.Net Core 3.1, and SQLite database. Talking about the project, it has all the essential features. This project contains only the admin side where an admin user can CRUD and manage students profile as well as setup user accounts for other admin users. The Admin plays the main role in the management of the system. In this project, all the main functions are performed from the Admin side.

## How It Works
The administrator has full control of the system, all the functions are performed from Admin panel upon successful login. The system allows the user to perform features of CRUD operations as well as manage the students database. Now talking about all the main functions of the system, that is the feature to add, edit, delete and view students, teachers, classes, hostels, streams, and management of Fees. While adding a student, the user has to provide full name, select gender, date of birth, attach photos, registration number, select class, stream, hostel, date of joining, category, academic year, total fees, advance fees, balance, and parents.

Likewise, while adding teachers, the user should provide name, select gender, age, phone number, email id, and staff number. For the payment of the fees, the fees amount should be declared from the fees structure section. All the payments are done through banks. So it is necessary to have bank section here. And the user can add bank name with an account number which is needed during payment of fees of a student. For the payment of fees, he/she has to select a student’s name, session, provide the paid amount, select bank branch, and remarks. Not just students and the teacher, here the user has to add subject and classes details too. Its too easy to add subjects and classes, he/she just has to provide a subject and class name. And talking about the streams its the also has the same procedure.
